Excited to join you virtually today at your conference here.
I hope you're having a wonderful event.
Very appreciative of the Mox invitation for me to share a few words.
Now, I had the privilege of being able to join you back in May in Baltimore,
and wow, that was an awesome experience.
I loved every minute of the energy in that room.
Now, here we are, a little over a half year later, and we've started 2023.
Now, of course, it's worth acknowledging that in 2022, it was quite a year.
It was a year filled with various challenges, challenges within the Amway business,
and challenges in the broader marketplace around us.
But 2022 is over, and we set our sights on the future,
based in the present, here in January of 2023.
And I have to say, I am very excited about what the future holds
for the Amway business in North America,
more specifically for what the future holds for the BWW business in North America.
What we're here to talk about today is reigniting growth in the marketplace,
and I know that's something that all of us aspire to.
Now, I look at the situation at present with excitement and confidence.
I look at it with confidence because I believe there has never been a better time
to build the Amway business in North America than right now.
Products, incentives, tools, the needs in the marketplace,
most importantly, the leadership.
The leadership that's in this room right here.
The Mock within BWW is a group that I am in partnership in close communication with regularly.
Galas, Kumars, the Nardonis, the Malillos, the Millers.
These are business owners who have built amazing Amway businesses,
and it's my privilege to be in partnership with them.
I know for our conversations that they are confident about the future,
and I am confident because we're in partnership together,
building for this exciting future.
So I want to challenge every IVO in the room here,
whether you've been in the business for decades,
or whether this is your first major event,
to dream big, to set goals,
and to work your tail off to go achieve those goals.
Because at the end of the day, the only person that can make it happen is you.
We're going to provide you with every available ounce of support we can,
as is everyone applying in the LOS, you're applying platinum, you're applying diamond,
but at the end of the day, only you can do it.
You've got to set that goal that takes you one step higher in your business than where you are today.
And so if you didn't come into today's event with a goal that stretches you
into a little bit of discomfort,
I want to challenge you to walk away with a goal that does just that.
Because only through stretching ourselves beyond where we thought we could go
will we achieve that growth that we're all capable of achieving.
And BWW has set the precedent of achieving growth for decades in the MWI business,
and I'm confident that will continue for decades to come.
And it's not just the fact that your goals and your hard work is going to take us there.
It's our commitment from the MWI Corporation to give you the tangible things you need
to help your business thrive.
I'm going to start by focusing on bronze.
This new incentive is powerful.
It's a powerful incentive for business builders to build a solid, profitable structure
early in their journey to help accelerate their pathway
of the performance bonus schedule toward qualification.
If you're not currently taking advantage of bronze in your team or personally,
I want to challenge you to make it part of your goal.
If you don't know enough about bronze yet, ask your upline.
Get educated on how you can earn it or how your team can earn it.
And if you're a leader and you're not focused on bronze in your team,
I want to challenge you to do exactly that.
To help your downlines have the right structure to earn these meaningful incentives
to help accelerate their business growth.
But it's not just incentives.
It's also the products that we're going to continue to put in the market
to help you serve your customers.
We have launched literally dozens of new products over the past several years
that have been effective at helping you serve your customers, but we're not done there.
We're continuing to invest in new products.
And this year has an exciting schedule of new product launches.
Look for what we're going to be doing with the Neutrolite brand in 2023
to bring more excitement and energy to our most important product brand.
I know your leadership is going to be sharing more information soon.
So here we are in January looking ahead to what I'm confident is going to be
an exciting, productive year.
I know that you're all going to set goals.
You're going to stretch yourself into an area of discomfort,
but you're going to grow by striving for that goal,
for focusing on the incentives that reward sustainable, profitable structures,
and for serving your customers with the great products that we offer.
And we're going to do it all in partnership as we always have done.
The same foundation that Bill and Peggy built,
and I am fortunate enough to continue to build with,
Mock, Cowles, Kumar's, the Nardonis, the Millers, and the Malillos,
and all the other leaders across BWW.
Thank you for everything that you do every single day to continue to build your business.
The whole corporation stands behind you and supports you.
I look forward to hopefully seeing you soon, but until then, be well.
